This file explains the headers in the PlateTemplate.csv file.  

In essence, every other column in the first row of CSV is an expected to be meta data about the FRNT count.  This is based on a plate that has a single virus used in all wells, and two serum/antibody groups used with 6 replicates each.  Finally, the top row is expected to be the highest concentration of serum, and the last row contains just virus as a negative control.
The first serum group is assigned columns 1-6, and the second group 7-12.  Any delitions to individual data points will be ignored (e.g., if a single well failed to produce a valid count do to a bubble, that well should be left blank), and a curve attempted without that specific well.

Header List: [Metadata]
Virus: Value should be entered in cell B1 (1,2).  Should be a unique ID for virus
Serum 1: Value should be entered in cell D1 (1,4).  Should be a unique ID for the first serum or antibody used (columns A-F/1-6).
Serum 2: Value should be entered in cell F1 (1,6).  Should be a unique ID for the Second serum or antibody used (columns G-L/7-12).
Starting Dilution: Value should be entered in cell H1 (1,8).  This is the concetration/dilution used for the most concentrated row on the plate, which should be the top row.  For example, if the sera was diluted 1:20, the value should be 0.5.
Dilution Factor: Value should be entered in cell J1 (1,10).  This is factor by which the concentration changes per row, and should be a constant across all 6 dilutions.  For example, if the first row is diluted 1:20, and the second 1:80, the value should be 4.
Plate ID: Value should be entered in cell L1 (1,12).  Should be a unique ID for the actual plate scanned/imaged.  Used for tracking or returning to orginal data/images.
Plate Date: Value should be entered in cell N1 (1,14). Should be the date the plate was scanned, in the format YYMMDD
Passage: Value should be entered in cell P1 (1,16). Viral passage count or lot identifier to track multiple lots/passages of the particular virus as entered in B1.
Graph Group Serum 1: Value should be entered in cell R1 (1,18). A tag used to group/organize graphing values generated from Serum 1 across plates.
Graph Group Serum 2: Value should be entered in cell T1 (1,20). A tag used to group/organize graphing values generated from Serum 2 across plates.
